Add alert when data too far in the future is ingested (#5822)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/manage/mimir-runbooks/_index.md

  {name="rollout-operator",namespace="<namespace>"}
  ```

### MimirIngestedDataTooFarInTheFuture

This alert fires when Mimir ingester accepts a sample with timestamp that is too far in the future.

> This is typically a result of processing of corrupted message, and it can cause rejection of other samples (from "now").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is typically a result of processing of corrupted message, and it can cause rejection of other samples with timestamp close to "now" (real-world time).
```

How it **works**:

- The metric exported by ingester computes maximum timestamp from all TSDBs open in ingester.
- Alert checks this exported metric and fires if maximum timestamp is more than 1h in the future.

How to **investigate**

> - Find the tenant with bad sample on ingester's tenants list, where a warning is displayed if Head MaxT is too far in the future.

Author: This refers to change done in https://github.com/grafana/mimir/pull/5824

Author: Switched to "TSDB Head max timestamp too far in the future" message both here, and in tenants listing view.
